Minutes

IDC Meeting
Wednesday, June 26th
1900 UTC
Attended: 
Sarah Stevens
Tobin Magle
Marco
Kemi
Arindam Basu  
Agenda 
Welcome, Introductions, and Code of Conduct
Mentoring Program
Discussion Sessions
Project Ideas
The meeting started with a summary of previous meeting followed by a discussion on projects we would like to do. There was a discussion on how to engage more instructors who are pre/post workshop.  Aus/NZ talking about inviting instructors to visit other workshops - Virtually or in person. Arin mentioned that virtually inviting the instructors is doable right now, asking the instructors come and sit in the workshops and provide feedbacks.
Project Ideas
Project suggestion 1: We need to go through the discussion session forms and update the handbook with common questions (and meta analysis of who is hosting and why some folks are not hosting) 
Project suggestion 2: Virtually inviting instructors to visit other workshops in some high throughput manner
Project suggestion 3: Update the instructor notes - bug bbq / sprint
Project suggestion 4: How to keep people involved after the workshop: Work on materials and testing out different ways to engage learners after the workshop for instructors - Life cycle of a community - turning learners into helpers into instructors
Project suggestion 5: Figuring out ways to train instructors in lessons they don't know, so they can teach them.
The committee reviewed the five project suggestion and decided to start with the first one.
Project suggestion 1 goals, strategies and deadlines
Serah suggested the following plan of action by all members of the committee
- Everyone needs to have access to the data (form results)
Take a snapshot and clean up the data
- Make project folder / repo (private - or code is public but not the data)
- Questions we want to ask about the data
+ How many people are coming to each session on average?
+ How many people are pre/post workshop vs checkout?
+ How many sessions have a notetaker?
+ Which topics were discussed? (this might be the most difficult to parse)
+ Who is hosting these discussion sessions?
- Use the results to inform what the form looks like
Serah planned to put notes into the IDC github repo and make team and repo for this (github ids: sstevens2,  maglet, mchiapello, arinbasu). She added that everyone should take a look at the data and play with the data a little, try and make it tidy. Also every member should think about the questions they are most interested in or other questions.
Next monthâ€™s Meeting - Full IDC July 15th and Leadership meeting July 24th (time same as this month, will come with announcement)
Monday, June 17th
1600 UTC


